British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 6: A2 Review, Fluency and Functional Tasks.
Lesson 5: A2 Review, Fluency and Functional Tasks: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a speaking task about work.
Today you will practise language connected to work.
Target language: countable/uncountable nouns.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for a2 review, fluency and functional tasks. You will learn useful language connected to work and practise countable/uncountable nouns. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.